

December in GH is an initiative launched by the Ghana Tourism Authority in 2019 as part of the Year 
of Return. This initiative  was created to promote Ghana as a premier destination for the December 
holiday season, not only for the Ghanaian diaspora but for the global African family.
The December holiday season has always been a time when the Ghanaian diaspora returns home to 
reconnect with family and friends, enjoy festive celebrations, and immerse themselves in Ghanaian 
culture. Ghana has long been a pioneer in bridging the gap between the historical diaspora, the 
Ghanaian diaspora, and local Ghanaians.
Since its inception, December in GH has become one of the most successful initiatives in terms 
of cultural exchanges, international arrivals, tourist expenditures, and economic stimulation. It has 
significantly boosted the tourism, hospitality, arts, and culture sectors by attracting an increasing 
number of visitors each year.
The mandate of December in GH is to position Ghana as a prime destination for the December holiday 
season. The program provides a platform for event organizers and artists to showcase their talents, 
adding immense value to the entire tourism ecosystem.
Join us in celebrating December in GH, where culture, connection, and celebration come together to 
create unforgettable experiences for all.BACKGROUND

Events Schedule
NOVEMBER
November 2nd, 9th and 16thNovember 1st and 2nd
November 13th - 16th KUMASI CULTURAL CENTRE, KOFORIDUA SPORTS STADIUM, ACCRA ATTCBUNSO ECO PARK, EASTERN REGION
NORTHERN GHANA (JUBILEE PARK TAMALE)Contact: ghnafty@gmail.comContact: socrates.asare@gmail.com
Contact: tengol@thetasteofafrika.com / tengolkk5@gmail.comASHANTI, EASTERN AND GREATER ACCRA
NORTHERN REGIONThe Creative Arts Festival is poised to become the largest arts festival for children in Ghana, dedicated to fostering innovative 
ideas and creativity among our youth. This initiative, underpinned by the goal of promoting cultural values and showcasing 
Ghana’s creative arts industry on a global stage, aims to inspire a new wave of entrepreneurial spirit among young talents. Our 
festival is designed not only to equip students with essential entrepreneurial skills in the creative arts but also to provide a 
platform for talent discovery and meaningful networking opportunities among participants.Food Festival to celebrate our farmers and to promote “eat Ghana wear Ghana “ and also to bring all Africans in Ghana to 
showcase their country dishes to promote African dishes as a whole ”
Cultural Oneness Festival is to strengthen the underling Kinship and cultural bonds between Africans in the continent and peo -
ple of African decent in the diaspora; highlight their common origins while celebrating their diversity, and pursue opportunities 
for shared economic benefit. The festival’s goal is to promote cultural awareness and unity, our unique traditions, arts, tourism 
and music, and to showcase the rich cultures of our diverse communities.THE CREATIVE ARTS FESTIVALAFRICAN FOOD FESTIVAL
CULTURAL ONENESS FESTIVAL  
November 16th 
SPLASH SOCIAL CENTER, SPINTEX, GREATER ACCRA
Contact: Asefaboa@gmail.comHave you ever seen a Water Polo match before? Why not have your first time be in Ghana! Come and witness a day of friendly 
matches between Ghana’s top youth and senior Water Polo athletes as they prepare for their 4th Annual League. Come meet 
the team, hear stories about their travels to South Africa & Brazil, & cheer on the world famous “Black Star Polo” program as 
they continue to make their mark on the World of Aquatics! See you there!WATER POLO IN GHANA 
November 16th
JO-ANNE’S CAFE, AFRIKIKO (ACCRA), GREATER ACCRA
Contact: events@africandiasporagroup.comGet ready for another unforgettable experience at Diaspora in Ghana Brunch. The community will come together to share 
insights, forge connections, and build lifelong connections with other diasporas in various stages of moving to Ghana. Enjoy 
good food, great vibes, and engage in dialogues with other diaspora returnees on the essence of transitioning, finding identity, 
and establishing roots in Ghana. This event includes free welcome drink, savory brunch, networking, diaspora dialogue, fun 
and great vibes. See you soon at Roots & Resettlement Brunch! Get your tickets now to secure your spot: bit.ly/rnr-brunch.DIASPORA IN GHANA: ROOTS & RESETTLEMENT  BRUNCH 

November 16th - January 5th 
November 17th &  December 5th 
November 23rdNovember 23rdNovember 19th
November 24thAHOTO HEALING AND WELLNESS HOME, PRAMPRAM, GREATER ACCRA
TALKATIVE MON STADIO’S, GREATER ACCRA
TEMA COMMUNITY 12, GREATER ACCRAEFUA SUTHERLAND CHILDREN’S PARK, GREATER ACCRAGREATER ACCRA
LEGON CITY MALL, GREATER ACCRA
Contact: afuaforiwaahboafoh@gmail.comContact: Ahotohealinghome@gmail.com
Contact: Clarissa@agumatea.com
Contact: allenapeadu@gmail.comContact: waltergli443@gmail.comAhoto Healing Home Retreats offers transformative experiences grounded in self-healing and ancient ancestral wisdom. Our 
retreats, including  Divination Ahoto, Kra Fre, New & Full Moon, Spiritual Awakening, Grief in Honor, Fearless Soul, and Sacred 
Union, provide personalized, year-round programs to nurture your mind, body, and spirit. Engage in holistic activities like 
KraYoga, African Breathwork Rituals,Meditation, and nature therapy to release emotional blockages, gain clarity, and connect 
deeply with your KRA, true self and others. Embrace a journey of healing and growth in a supportive, serene environment 
designed to foster profound personal transformation.
Join us for the Aguma Tea African Tea Experience in November and December 2024, where tea enthusiasts and wellness seek -
ers can explore the rich world of African Herbal tea. Enjoy live herbal tea demonstrations, take part in tasting herbal blends 
using fresh herbs and indigenous spices, engage in a hands-on herbal blending workshop, and savor unique botanical tea cock -
tails. This immersive experience blends tradition with modern tea artistry, offering a unique opportunity to connect with the 
vibrant culture of African herbal wellness blended with a wellness talk and henna. Perfect for those seeking a taste of African 
tea traditions. 
Prior to our main December outing, we visit an orphanage home to show them love by donating food items and toiletries to 
them. EARLYFEST -Early Childhood Education Festival is an annual event that seeks to bring early years educators, school children, 
parents and other stakeholders in the sector to share knowledge, ideas, network and socialize.The President of Ghana H.E Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo – Addo will honor some members of the diaspora community with 
Ghanaian citizenship. These are persons who have demonstrated a steadfast commitment to Ghana, the home of Pan 
Africanism, aligning with the goals of Ghana’s historic Diaspora Engagement Policy and the Beyond the Return Initiative. -  BY 
INVITATION ONLY
Anwamoo festival is a social event which brings people from diverse background to socialize, network whiles they enjoy the 
local delicacy amwamoo. DIVINATION AHOTO RETREATS
AFRICAN TEA TRADITIONS: TEA TASTING AND HERBAL BLENDING 
WELLNESS EXPERIENCE 
ORPHANAGE VISITATION - GIVING BACK TO THE SOCIETYEARLYFEST DIASPORA CITIZENSHIP CEREMONY 
ANWAMOO FESTIVAL

November 28th - 30th
November 29th, 30th & 1st December 
November 30th
November 30th
November 30thLANCASTER HOTEL AND MARRIOTT HOTEL, GREATER ACCRA
NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA
GRAND ARENA, GREATER ACCRA
LABOMA BEACH, GREATER ACCRAACCRA, KUMASI, GREATER ACCRA, ASHANTIContact: rapportservices@hotmail.com
Contact: knssackey@rovermanproductions.com
Contact: nineteen57africa@gmail.com
Contact: Kidsintourismgh@gmail.com
Contact: grantmultimedia15@gmail.comGold Statement is an annual exhibition, conference and jewellery show that brings all stakeholders together, including pol -
icymakers to deliberate on the promotion of value addition to Ghana’s sustainably mined precious minerals. Alongside are 
jewellery sales and fashion show to showcase the craftsmanship of Ghanaian jewellers and goldsmiths.
In an attempt to get her divorced parents on the cordial side, Faith lodges them into the same hotel suite when they travel for 
her wedding. Things take a dramatic turn when the butler witnesses their raw angst, and has to decide whether to go ahead 
with the plan or not.
Biggest night of music and fashion in Ghana. This event brings together the finest in the orange economy in Ghana and the 
African diaspora. 
An annual tourism and cultural event that brings together children in the basic school levels to introduce them to Ghana’s rich 
cultural heritage through dancing, recitals, poetry, drama, music, and fashion.
Afropiano Rave is a vibrant outdoor event celebrating the beauty of Laboma Beach in Accra, Ghana. Our goal this year is to 
promote tourism, showcase local talent, and foster community engagement.GOLD STATEMENT
FOUR PLAY
RHYTHMS ON DA RUNWAY
KIDS IN TOURISM FESTIVAL 
AFROPIANO RAVE

DECEMBER
December 1st - January 31st
December 2nd
December 5th - January 5th
December 6th December 6thSEKONDI, OPPOSITE EFFIA NKWANTA HOSPITAL, WESTERN 
ACCRA, GREATER ACCRA
ACCRA, TAMALE, GREATER ACCRA, NORTHERN REGION
SPLASH SOCIAL CENTER, SPINTEX, GREATER ACCRACITY OF ACCRA, GREATER ACCRADiscover a captivating collection of over 2,200 artifacts from across Africa, each telling the powerful story of our shared histo -
ry as Black people. From mesmerizing paintings to intricate carvings and sculptures, the museum offers a visual journey that 
celebrates African creativity and resilience. Enhance your experience by viewing insightful documentaries on Black history in 
our state-of-the-art 150-seat conference room. This is more than just a museum visit—it’s an unforgettable journeyof African 
heritage. 
 Brunch & Beyond is the perfect opportunity to connect with like-minded Diasporas in the real estate industry from around the 
world. Whether you are a seasoned investor, a real estate agent, or simply interested in the industry, this event promises to 
provide valuable insights and networking opportunities. During the brunch, you will have the chance to meet and engage with 
industry experts, discuss the latest trends, and explore potential collaborations. This event aims to strengthen investment op -
portunities in Ghana by allowing for meaningful conversations and connections. Don’t miss out on this exclusive opportunity to 
expand your network and gain valuable knowledge about the international real estate market while enjoying delicious cuisine. 
Mark your calendars for Brunch & Beyond and get ready to take your real estate aspirations to the next level! 
Be a part of our philanthropic and community service projects, sporting events, business and technology conference, Cash 
Prize Pitch Competition, festival, as well as investment opportunities to empower the youth and various communities in Gha -
na. Join our team as we provide and deliver amazing donations and resources to the various communities of Ghana as we 
continue our goal of economic empowerment and job creation. #Ghanatothemoon #inspirethenext
Come and witness a day of friendly matches between Ghana’s top youth and senior Water Polo athletes as they prepare for 
their 4th Annual League in the new year. Come meet the team & cheer on the world famous “Black Star Polo” program as they 
continue to make their mark on the World of Aquatics ! See you there !Invest in Ghana 2024: An Exclusive Real Estate Investment Event & Homebuyer Workshop hosted by Akweya Properties!  Join 
us for an opportunity to explore real estate investment properties in Ghana, where you can immerse yourself in the vibrant 
Ghanaian culture while exploring lucrative real estate opportunities that generate passive income. Don’t miss out on this 
chance to be a part of something extraordinary in Ghana’s real estate landscape. A DAY AT BISA ABERWA MUSEUM 
BRUNCH AND BEYOND: AN EXCLUSIVE REAL ESTATE NETWORKING
INSPIRATION WEEKEND: MONTH LONG OF EVENTS & ACTIVATIONS
BLACK STAR POLO SALL TAR MATCHESINVEST IN GHANA 2024 - AN EXCLUSIVE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT 
CITY EVENT & HOMEBUYER WORKSHOPContact: Bisaaberwamuseum@gmail.com
Contact: info@gh.akweyaproperties.com
Contact: firefree2016@gmail.com ; info@freeinspiration.org ; emilacolatse@gmail.com
Contact: Asefaboa@gmail.comContact: info@gh.akweyaproperties.com

December 11th
December 12th KUMASI, ASHANTI REGION
FOLKSPLACE, NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRAThis is an empowering event designed to help you achieve your professional and business goals in Ghana. Attendees will have 
the chance to introduce themselves, share their skills and services, and express their needs. Additionally, a panel of expert Di -
asporans will discuss how they’ve overcome challenges, secured start-up capital, and elevated their businesses to new heights 
in Ghana. Don’t miss this opportunity to connect, learn, and grow!
A selection of Ghanaian highlife music from the 60’s, 70’s and 80’s.CONNECT THE DOTS NETWORKING EXTRAVAGANZA
HIGHLIFE JAM (MUSIC)Contact: onourwatchglobal@gmail.com
Contact: Ashong.programs.ntg@gmail.com
December 12th,14th,19th - 21st    
December 13thACCRA TOURIST INFORMATION CENTRE, GREATER ACCRA
DANCE HALL, NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA Poetic Palette is an enchanting Christmas event that seeks to fuse the rich flavours of Ghanaian cuisine with the evocative 
power of Poetry. This event is designed to offer an immersive cultural and sensory experience that celebrates the festive sea -
son through Taste and Verse. Guests shall be treated to a culinary journey through Ghana’s diverse gastronomy, prepared by a 
renowned chef, followed by a Poetry session where they are encouraged to articulate the emotions and memories evoked by 
their culinary experience.
An afro contemporary dance piece that explores the insane energies, confrontations and rewards of a dance artist before 
reaching his/her peak.POETIC PALETTE
ESOYOR (DANCE) Contact: asashong@gmail.com
Contact: Ashong.programs.ntg@gmail.com
December 13th -15th
CENTER FOR NATIONAL CULTURE (ARTS CENTER), GREATER ACCRA
The Plantbased Vegan Market is an exciting three-day event that brings together plant-based and vegan producers from across 
Africa, including Ghana, Egypt, Ethiopia, Togo, Benin, and more. This market will showcase a diverse range of vegan products, 
from food and cosmetics to supplements, herbal formulas, clothing, and other creative and cultural items. Throughout the 
event, attendees can enjoy a variety of side activities, including live music, games, fitness sessions, cooking demonstrations, 
and educational talks. The market will also feature a night market with entertainment from local and traditional musicians, 
blending Accra’s lively nightlife with healthy food choices. As the first event of its kind in Africa, the Plantbased Vegan Market 
Initiative aims to promote a plant-based lifestyle and make Africa the world’s leading vegan hub. PLANTBASED VEGAN MARKET
Contact: pbvmgh@gmail.com
December 14th
FOLKSPLACE, NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA
One day, a high priest catches the only daughter who is betrothed to the gods of their land, in an uncompromising position with 
Subinzali, his head servant. The high priest imprisons Subinzali awaiting execution as sacrifice to the gods. Can Nderize who 
is referred to as the flute of the gods exonerate her loved one? Or will the gods punish the two love birds for disregarding the 
oath the high priest has sworn to the gods?BRIDE OF THE GOD’S (DRAMA)
Contact: abeikusagoe@gmail.com

December 14th
CRESCENDO FOODS IN WEST LAND. 19 K.HAICK AVENUE, 2ND STREET, GREATER ACCRA
Murder Mystery Dinner: This year, let’s celebrate Ghana dressed in cultural attire for a night of mystery, culinary, and murder 
enigma. Whilst enjoying a 3-course meal you will have an immersive experience, working together with other guests to solve 
a fictitious murder which occurs during the dinner. As the night continues, you will interrogate the suspects, gather clues, and 
work with your team to help our mystery experts crack the case before the killer gets away.MURDER MYSTERY
Contact: marketingcomms@crescendogh.com
December 14th
LABADI / LABOMA BEACH, GREATER ACCRA
Mayekoo Beach Please is a social impact and environmental sustainability initiative that brings together local communities 
and volunteers to remove plastic waste and debris from the beach. This effort protects marine life, promotes environmental 
awareness, and fosters community engagement. By documenting the types of waste collected aimed at reducing pollution. 
Overall, the Mayekoo Beach cleanup aims to enhances the beach’s environmental health and promotes sustainable practices.MAYEKOO BEACH PLEASE
Contact: caleb@mayekoo.com
December 14th
December 15th - 30th
December 16th - 17thOSU, GREATER ACCRA
ACCRA MALL GHUD PARK, GREATER ACCRA
ALISA HOTEL, GREATER ACCRATravel Deeper Inc. is hosting its annual event A Journey to Womb Wealth and Wellness in Accra, Ghana. This wellness experi -
ence is focused on connecting Black women across the global diaspora and raising awareness about women’s health, including 
uterine fibroids. Join us for connection, information, and restoration. Engage with other women and discuss how they are ad -
vocating for their bodies; learn how womb health impacts Black women’s lives; and sharpen skills to care for your mind, body, 
and soul through holistic methods. Vendors will also be on-site to enrich your experience. Sign-up and become notified when 
tickets will become available! For more information visit www.traveldeeperinc.com or contact us at info@traveldeeperinc.com. 
Ghud Park at Accra Mall is hosting the Christmas Village from December 15th to 30th. This exciting event will feature a variety 
of activities, including performances, exhibitions, movie nights, skating activities, and a kids’ playground. Anticipating over 
50,000 participants, the Christmas Village aims to create a festive atmosphere that showcases local talent and engages both 
tourists and residents. With daily vendor opportunities and a vibrant setting, it promises to be a highlight of the festive season 
in Accra.
The Ghana Property and Lifestyle Expo is an immersive and dynamic event that aims to showcase the best of Ghana’s real 
estate and lifestyle offerings. Spanning over several days, this expo brings together developers, investors, homeowners, and 
industry professionals under one roof. Visitors can explore a wide range of residential and commercial properties, from luxury 
apartments to affordable housing options. Additionally, the expo offers a platform for businesses in the lifestyle sector, show -
casing products and services related to interior design, home decor, landscaping, and more. With expert panels, workshops, 
and networking opportunities, the Ghana Property and Lifestyle Expo is the ultimate destination for those seeking to invest, 
buy, or explore the thriving property and lifestyle scene in Ghana.A JOURNEY TO WOMB WEALTH AND WELLNESS
CHRISTMAS VILLAGE 
GHANA PROPERTY & LIFESTYLE EXPOContact: info@traveldeeperinc.com
Contact: richfocuslive@gmail.com
Contact: aa@onpointproperty.co.uk

December 16th -  January 5th
December 18thPOLO BEACH CLUB, LA , GREATER ACCRA
ACCRA , GREATER ACCRAPolo Beach Club is December’s ultimate hotspot, transforming into the perfect place for relaxation and excitement. By day, in -
dulge in exquisite meals with stunning beachfront views. By night, enjoy star-studded parties with world-class DJs, keeping the 
energy alive until sunrise. Every event offers unforgettable experiences with top-notch entertainment, fireworks, and more. 
Check out the PBC events calendar at thepolobeachclub.com
An event aimed to support attendees to attain their professional and business goals, in Ghana. Each attendee will get the op -
portunity to introduce themselves to all others in attendance-sharing what they have to offer, and what they want and need. 
There will also be an expert Diasporan panel sharing how they’ve overcome challenges, obtained start-up capital and moved 
their businesses to the next level, in Ghana.POLO BEACH CLUB
CONNECT THE DOTS NETWORKING EXTRAVAGANZAContact: obagounltd@gmail.com
Contact: onourwatchglobal@gmail.com
December 19th
ACCRA CITY HOTEL, GREATER ACCRA
A networking event that brings stakeholders together to set agenda for the new year while Fostering strategic partnerships MONEYHUB BUISNESS SUMMIT
Contact: sandyapp202@gmail.com
December 19th
FOLKSPLACE, NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA
A night of Western and African classical music.MIXED BAG (MUSIC) 
Contact: ashong.programs.ntg@gmail.com




December 19th - 20th
December 19th - 26th
December 20th ACCRA, GREATER ACCRA
EIKWE, GPRTU PARK, WESTERN REGION
QUEENSLAND - TESANO, GREATER ACCRAA Diasporan’s guide to starting and running a successful business in Ghana. Learn about how to register a business, consid -
erations for establishing a fully foreign-owned business or partnering with a Ghanaian, investment capital requirements, top 
investment opportunities and tax-saving incentives, obtaining legal residency in Ghana and obtaining a work permit under your 
company, bank accounts and financing available for your business, hiring and compensating employees, registering your com -
pany to pay taxes and social security, finding the perfect office or storefront, and more. Register now at bst.diasporainghana.
com
It is an annual festival celebrated by the Chief and People of Eikwe in the Ellembele District, Nzemaland. The festival saw its 
first celebration in 1973 by a small group of young people who were happy to initiate an event to bring oneness as well as eco -
nomic improvement to the people of Eikwe community. The festival is a weeklong celebration is climaxed on the 26th of every 
December accompanied by a brass band procession. The people who participate in the celebration wear distinctive dress, 
footwear and sometimes masks. Averagely, 2,000 people from all spheres of life join the celebration.
Dashiki Night is an event that brings together people from Ghana and the diaspora to connect and network through enter -
tainment, with the ultimate goal of promoting Ghana, sharing investment opportunities, and celebrating African culture. It’s a 
night with a touch of Africa, filled with music, food, art, and entertainment.DIASPORA TO GHANA: BUSINESS SUCCESS TOOLKIT + EXPO
EIKWE YƐ ME FƐ
DASHIKI NIGHT Contact: events@africandiasporagroup.com
Contact: mikemonnor@gmail.com
Contact: nanayaaamoako62@gmail.comDecember 19th 
BOABAB TRADITIONAL RESTAURANT , GREATOR ACCRA REGION
Under The Baobab Tree” is an immersive, culturally rich gathering where Ghanaian elders share the significance of traditional 
rites of passage, including birth, coming-of-age, marriage, and death. This intimate event provides a rare opportunity to learn 
directly from those who have upheld these customs, exploring the values, beliefs, and wisdom that guide Ghanaian life cere -
monies. Through storytelling, performances, and displays of ceremonial artifacts, attendees will gain a deeper understanding 
of Ghana’s cultural identity and heritage. Join local Ghanaians, diaspora members, and cultural enthusiasts for a time of mean -
ingful exchange that bridges generations and celebrates shared roots.UNDER THE BAOBAB TREE - AN INTIMATE SESSION WITH ELDERS
EXPLORING GHANAIAN RITES OF PASSAGE
Contact:jenniferdjankrofa@gmail.com
December 20th
BAM DOOR BEERGARDEN, OSU, GREATER ACCRA REGION
Contact:  webnationafrica@gmail.comThis December, all roads lead to Influencers Fest , for the opportunity to connect with some of the biggest and established online 
creators!  This exclusive event will be an African Disporan fusion – packed full of learning, networking and inspiration amongst 
industry brands, Home-grown talent and Diasporan creators!  We are focused on building a bridge between Ghana and the 
displaced people of Africa. 
Join our event for an immersive experience where dynamic creators, influential personalities, and passionate voices converge, 
bridging the diasporic gap through authentic stories, insightful interviews, and a celebration of diverse African narratives, pre -
sented by Webnation Africa – your gateway to the heartbeat of the continentINFLUENCERS FEST

December 20th - 22nd  
ACCRA, GREATER ACCRA
The Taste of Ghana is a 360 Degree festival that aims to showcase the distinct and authentic traditional richness of made-
in-Ghana products, which do not only tell stories about the rich cultural heritage of Ghana but also provide business and 
investment opportunities for Ghanaians, its diaspora, and people from all walks of life.  The fifth edition of the festival will be 
held from the 20th to the 22nd of December 2024 graced with vendor exhibitions of Ghanaian culinary experience, fashion 
showcase, artistic performances, and musical performances.  The festival creates the environment for various aspects of Gha -
na’s diverse cultural elements, including food, beverages, cinema, art, and clothing to be highlighted while boosting trade, in 
collaboration with esteemed partners such as the Diaspora Affairs Office-Office of the President, Ministry of Trade and Indus -
try, Ministry of Information, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Foreign Affairs & Regional Integration, EximBank Ghana, Ghana 
Tourism Authority, Ghana Export Promotion Authority, Beyond the Return, and the Ghana Free Zones Authority.TASTE OF GHANA 5.0
Contact: marina.lamptey@gipc.gov.ghDecember 20th
December 20th
December 20th -21st CAPE COAST, CENTRAL REGION
GA MANTSE PALACE, NORTH-KANESHIE DANSBAR, ACCRA, GREATER ACCRAAn event aimed to support attendees to attain their professional and business goals, in Ghana. Each attendee will get the op -
portunity to introduce themselves to all others in attendance-sharing what they have to offer, and what they want and need. 
There will also be an expert Diasporan panel sharing how they’ve overcome challenges, obtained start-up capital and moved 
their businesses to the next level, in Ghana.
The ICAD Conference is a powerful platform for reconciliation and connection between Africans and the Diaspora. The con -
ference aims to bridge the gap between Africans and the Diaspora, building a shared commitment to the development and 
connection to their Motherland while exploring the country.CONNECT THE DOTS NETWORKING EXTRAVAGANZA
ICAD 2024Contact: onourwatchglobal@gmail.com
Contact: charlesmabban@gmail.comAMIST CLASSIC HOTEL, GREATER ACCRA REGION
Contact:  mcmultimedia.biz@gmail.comGet immersed in a new dawn of entertainment where spoken word meets comedy. The end result is an unforgettable expe -
rience  from Ghana’s budding and prolific artistes with energy, creativity, bars and performance prowess enough to leave all 
attending patrons with the hunger for more. Yes! More of 18 well curated spoken word pieces garnished with highly entertain -
ing and mind blowing performances by comedians and dancers. Our “plus effect” brings to bare massive display of culture and 
something else. Audiences will be treated to original and exclusive content you can only find at this event. Do not miss this show18+ (SPOKEN WORD MEETS, COMEDY ON ONE STAGE, PLUS MORE)December 20th 
DANCE HALL, NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA
The King of Nyidongo is in dilemma. An unassuming stranger and the king’s bodyguard are each claiming the kings honour of 
killing a wild beast which had for some time terrorized the people. A confrontation is arranged, the stranger wins and is given 
a place of honour. The bodyguard steals the symbol of the king’s power and plants it on the stranger. The stranger is to be 
banished but the women folk thinks otherwise. What happens?KING’S DILEMMA (DANCE) 
Contact: mikemonnor@gmail.com

December 21stDecember 21st
December 21st
December 21stFOLKSPLACE, NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA REGIONUNTAMED EMPIRE, SPRINTEX, GREATOR ACCRA 
ACCRA TOURIST INFORMATION CENTRE, GREATER ACCRA REGION
355 RESTAURANT AND LOUNGE, LABONE, GREATER ACCRA REGION Joshua, the main character in this play is the son of Madam Umbele who is rumoured to have built an empire and made men 
her slaves, but Joshua’s father is unknown.
After Joshua mismanages his mother’s kingdom, he sets out on a mission to find the impossible; the third end of the rope. And 
like in all tragedies, Joshua dies in his quest without successfully achieving his goal. The big question is, does it really exist – The 
third end of a rope? And if it does, is it that easy to unravel the mysteries surrounding it?Zaama Disco is an art of life for the youth of Ghana and beyond the world. A combination of ART, FASHION AND MUSIC from 
different backgrounds forming the army of Blacko’s Tribe. Zaama Disco is intended to inculcate a spirit of adventure, cooper -
ating, creating of excellence in the domain of art and culture and feelings of fraternity, patriotism, unity and brotherhood. We 
are putting together a fantastic production and visual experience planned along with a power packed line up of professionals 
and best artists across West Africa and the world. We will stream it on all virtual platforms with an aim to entertain, network 
with people, uplift spirits in the comfort of their homes and encourage social distancing rules. The aim is simple to bring to -
gether different people of different culture under one platform to celebrate their unique lifestyles whiles engaging amongst 
each other.
2024 Diasporan Business Mentoring Roundtable is a must-attend event designed to provide vital insights on the topic: “10 
Biggest Mistakes Diasporans Make When Building a Business in Ghana”.  We shall also explore experts Insights on Diasporan 
business hotspots in the Agriculture/ Agribusiness, Digital Technology, Hospitality/ Tourism and Real Estate sectors in Ghana.   
Finally, we shall have a business exhibition, a Networking session and Consultations.
The GUBA Executive Cocktail offers a unique networking opportunity for professionals within the diaspora to connect, collab -
orate, and explore investment opportunities in Ghana. This exclusive event brings together influential leaders, entrepreneurs, 
and investors to discuss innovative ideas and share common interests, all while fostering meaningful relationships. Attendees 
can engage in insightful conversations aimed at driving growth and development in Ghana’s vibrant economy. The GUBA Exec -
utive Cocktail is a perfect blend of business and culture, inspiring partnerships that strengthen ties between the diaspora and 
Ghana.THE SON OF UMBELE (DRAMA) ZAAMA DISCO
DIASPORAN BUSINESS MENTORING ROUNDTABLE
GUBA EXECUTIVE COCKTAILContact: ashong.programs.ntg@gmail.comContact: richfocuslive@gmail.com
Contact: adubea.associates9@gmail.com
Contact: roxanne@gubaawards.co.uk
December 21st
ACCRA MALL (START POINT), GREATER ACCRA
Join us for AFROFRAT’s “Afro Color Walk 2024: Painting the Vibrant Spirit of Africa.” The Afrocentric Fraternity is a global 
movement that appreciates, celebrates, and preserves African culture and heritage. Our initiative is an immersive celebration 
of African culture through vibrant colors. This unique event blends art, culture, and community, bringing people together in 
a dynamic and inclusive atmosphere. Experience an exhilarating day filled with lively performances, interactive activities, and 
opportunities to connect with like-minded individuals. Embrace the spirit of African heritage and innovation as we kick off a 
new tradition that honors our cultural pride and progress. #AFROFRAT #AfroColorWalk24 #ThePerryEffectAFRO COLOR WALK
Contact: jerrymckorli@gmail.com

December 21st -27th
December 21st December 21st - 31stDecember 21st 
KOFORIDUA BETOM, EASTERN REGION
CALBANK TOWERS, RIDGE, GREATER ACCRAACCRA, GREATER ACCRA REGIONTAKORADI, WESTERN REGION
Betom Homecoming is an annual celebration that unites the people of Koforidua, both at home and abroad, in a vibrant 
gathering of culture and community. This event is more than just a reunion—it’s an opportunity to reconnect with your roots, 
learn valuable vocational skills, and strengthen the bonds that tie the Betom community together.
Aha YƐ DƐ 4.0 is the fourth edition of our end-of-year diaspora festival and Made-in-Ghana expo. The event is free and cele -
brates Ghanaian excellence, including cultural displays, games, musical performances, and over 60 local vendors. The event 
aligns with the return of Diasporans in December, offering them a deep connection to Ghana’s rich culture and heritage.A thematic art and artefact exhibition dedicated to celebrating the legacies of prominent African Leaders and icons. The ex -
hibition will showcase diverse artworks representing influential figures suc as Kwame Nkrumah, Nelson Mandela,, Patrice 
Lubumbashi amongst others. By merging Art and History, the exhibition aims to educate, inspire and foster appreciation for the 
African heritage in alignment with the “Beyond the Return” program’s vision to reconnect the African diaspora with their roots.Kofi Kinaata’s annual Made in Taadi Concert is a highly anticipated music event held in his hometown, Takoradi, Ghana. 
Launched in 2017, the concert celebrates the rich culture of the Western Region and showcases the best of local and national 
musical talent. With Kofi Kinaata as the headline act, the event draws thousands of fans, featuring performances by both 
established and emerging artists across diverse genres. The concert not only highlights music but also includes 
community-centered activities, such as youth seminars and charity initiatives, fostering a sense of unity and promoting 
the creative and cultural heritage of the region.
BETOM HOMECOMING
Aha Y3 D3 4.0AFRICAN ICONS ART EXHIBITION MADE IN TAADI CONCERT
Contact: reshadeentertainment@gmail.com
Contact: patrick@ahaspora.comContact: theafricanartmart@gmail.comContact: kinaata1@yahoo.com
December 22nd - 25th 
KUMASI CITY MALL, ASHANTI REGION
The 2024 Ashanti Homecoming and Cultural Festival is a celebration of Ashanti heritage, inviting both the Ashanti people and 
the global African diaspora to reconnect with their roots. This unique event offers an immersive experience to celebrate the 
rich traditions, music, dance, food, and history of the Ashanti Kingdom.ASHANTI HOMECOMING AND CULTURAL FESTIVAL
Contact: emmaboateng2016@gmail.comDecember 21st
E.WELLS REALTY AND CONSULTANCY FORECOURT, GREATER ACCRA
The FTHB in Ghana seminar is an end-of-year event designed by E. Wells Realty and Consultancy to educate and provide profes -
sional assistance to individuals from the diaspora who wish to own a home or are keen on real estate investment opportunities 
in Ghana. This FTHB in Ghana seminar is in partnership with The Diaspora Affairs - Office of the President, Ghana National 
Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Diaspora African Forum (DAF), and endorsed by Beyond The Return, an initiative of the 
Ghana Tourism Authority (GTA), and is scheduled as a listed event for this year’s December in Ghana events. Our goal is to make 
this often-stressful process as hassle-free and enjoyable as possible. Attendees will be walked through the entire home-buying 
process, so they are armed with knowledge, and their expectations are set accordingly about managing costs.FIRST TIME HOMEBUYERS IN GHANA SEMINAR
Contact: rachael@ewellsconsult.com



December 22nd - 23rd
BAM DOOR BEERGARDEN  , GREATER ACCRA
AfroPark’s mission is to provide a platform for African creatives and tech entrepreneurs to showcase their talent, skills and 
businesses. As such the AfroPark Flagship event offer all things African. from African Food, to African Art, to African Film, 
to technology built by Africans. All enabled by the African entrepreneurs, artists and designers that are part of our AfroPark 
Community.AFROPARK 2024 FLAGSHIP EVENT
Contact: pinkkett@gmail.com
December 22ndDecember 22nd
THE UNDERBRIDGE EVENT CENTER  , GREATER ACCRACHORKOR  , GREATER ACCRA
The Ankos festival in Accra is a vibrant and healthy competition showcasing the traditional dance of masqueraders from both 
inside and outside the city. Originating in the coastal towns of Ghana, this event has been a cherished tradition for many years. 
Beyond the spirited competition, Ankos offers a unique opportunity for participants and spectators alike to revel in the beauty 
of the masquerade dance, fostering a sense of community and cultural pride. As the festival coincides with the Christmas sea -
son, it also serves as a time for feasting, merry-making, and coming together in joyous celebration.“Barbering for the Needy” is a charitable initiative organized by Isaac Nyan Kissi to provide free haircuts for underprivileged 
individuals in his community. The event aims to restore confidence and dignity through grooming services, ensuring that 
everyone, regardless of their financial situation, can look and feel their best. By addressing a basic need, the event fosters 
a sense of belonging and care, highlighting the importance of giving back and supporting the less fortunate in society.
ANKOS IN ACCRAFREE BARBERING FOR THE NEEDY
Contact: pinkkett@gmail.comContact: Isahaqsterling37@gmail.com
December 22nd - 23rd
December 22nd - 23rdACCRA, GREATER ACCRA
BARN DOOR BEERGARDEN  , GREATER ACCRA2024 Diasporan Business Mentoring Roundtable is a must-attend event designed to provide vital insights on the topic: 10 Big -
gest Mistakes Diasporans Make When Building a Business in Ghana.
In addition to this key session are sub-sessions comprising Diasporan Business Hotspots: Experts’ Insights on the Agriculture/ 
Agribusiness, Digital Technology, Hospitality/ Tourism and Real Estate sectors in Ghana, a business Exhibition, *Consultations 
and  Networking sessions.
AfroCariSoul Food Festival  is a vibrant and culturally rich food festival that serves as a melting pot of flavors, traditions, and 
stories from across the African, Caribbean, and Global African Diasporic communities. Held in the heart of Ghana, this event 
brings together culinary enthusiasts, foodies, chefs, and culture aficionados to celebrate the diverse culinary heritage of these 
regions. We are not just about food; we stand to make an impact. Through our Feed To Be Fed initiative and Impact Tour. Visit 
our website for information about our community initiatives (www.afrocarisoul.com) DIASPORAN BUSINESS MENTORING ROUNDTABLE
AFROCARISOUL FOOD FESTIVALContact: adubea.associates9@gmail.com
Contact: afrocarisoul@gmail.com

December 23rd
AVIATION SOCIAL CENTER  , GREATER ACCRA
Ignition High School Festival is an event dedicated to providing an annual celebration of culture of the youth in high schools 
focusing on arts and sports as the main tool of engagement. This platform brings together the best in arts (Music, Dance and 
Fashion) and Sports (Basket Ball, Soccer and Volley Ball) from the various high schools in to compete for the number one spot. 
The program features professional music and dance artistes, performing at different intervals to the delight of audience. This is 
December’s ultimate high school event. IGNITION HIGH SCHOOL FESTIVAL
Contact: robert@charterhouseghana.com
December 23rd - 29th
NORTH KANESHIE SWANLAKE, PALACE STREET   , GREATER ACCRA
The BAK2NORTH-K Street Art and Trade Festival is an annual event that celebrates art, music, dance, culture, and trade in 
Accra, Ghana. The festival takes place on the streets of Swanlake, North Kaneshie, and lasts for 7 days, starting on 23rd -29th 
December.  This year’s theme “The Good Old Days,” which aims to revive and celebrate the nostalgia of Ghana. The festival 
features a diverse range of activities, including: - Street art exhibitions and live painting - Music performances (local and inter -
national artists) - Dance performances (traditional and contemporary) - Cultural displays and exhibitions - Trade and commerce 
(local vendors selling traditional crafts, food, and drinks) - Workshops and interactive sessions (art, music, dance, and more) 
- Cooking competitions and food festivals - Fashion shows and styling sessions - Games and entertainment for all ages. BAK2NORTH-K STREET ART AND TRADE FESTIVAL 
Contact: sonofgodthegreat@gmail.comDecember 23rd
EFUA SUTHERLAND PARK, GREATER ACCRA
Music is a powerful medium through which people connect with their faith, celebrate their spirituality, and foster a sense of 
community. “Jesus In The Park” is envisioned as a vibrant Christian music festival that will bring together individuals, families, 
and communities to worship, rejoice, and be inspired through music. This event seeks to highlight the richness of Christian 
music across genres, cultures, and generations, creating an atmosphere of joy and unity.JESUS IN THE PARK
Contact: jesusinthapark@gmail.com
December 23rd
ACCRA  , GREATER ACCRA
The summit is an innovative and dynamic business summit designed to expand on the success of the Beyond the Return program 
and look at the next 5 years. This summit aims to bring together  local and global business leaders, public officers, entrepreneurs, 
and industry experts to explore opportunities, forge partnerships, and drive sustainable economic growth in Ghana and the Afri -
can continent based on the Return initiatives.BEYOND THE HORIZON:  BEYOND THE RETURN SUMMIT
Contact: support@beyondthereturngh.com

December 24th -26th
ACCRA TOURIST INFORMATION CENTER , GREATER ACCRA
CULTUREFEST GH ‘24 with the Theme : Cultural Diversity, Ghanaian Hospitality and the Yuletide. This event seeks to showcase 
and brand Ghana to the world by telling our own stories primarily through our rich Culture with the support of local enterprises/
groups involved with Art, Dance, Music, Food, Fashion, Beverages, Royalty,Tradition in a one-stop shop. The event’s vision seeks 
to be a highly anticipated Cultural Event within Ghana and beyond; that attracts a lot of attendees, stakeholders, society and the 
world-at-large.CULTUREFEST GH ‘24
Contact: acquaahjeff@gmail.comDecember 24th
BEKWAI- ASHANTI, ASHANTI REGION
The Bekwai Homecoming Festival is an initiative planned to unite individuals from across the globe with connections to Bekwai 
municipality in the Ashanti region. This unique Christmas celebration aims not only to strengthen interpersonal relationships but 
also to enhance business opportunities in the municipality.BEKWAI HOMECOMING FESTIVAL
Contact: bernardduahgh@gmail.com
December 25th
NATIONAL THEATRE, GREATER ACCRA
The family’s conference focuses on positive Family Values to enhance the African home and raise very good leaders for the world 
as a whole. Topics on health, law and healthy sexual life style are major areas that is treated during our event. This event is slated 
for Christmas day to Foster Unity resolve family conflict and make one know that the Family Matters and to break the myth of a 
nuclear family that has landed us in most of our confusion now. International speakers from around the world will be present as 
they have always been since 2019 with speakers from 10 states oft the United States. The theme SINGLE PARENTING AN ANSWER 
OR A QUESTION TO OUR WORLD. This program it organized bt Warg Consult Limited a Relationship and Marriage Consultancy.THE FAMILIES CONFERENCE 
Contact: Isaackwesi.nyonyo1@gmailDecember 24th, 25th, 28th, 29th & January 1st, 2nd, 4th and 5th
NATIONAL THEATRE , GREATER ACCRA
The Roverman Festival of Plays is a theatrical festival of 6 plays by playwright James Ebo Whyte (Uncle EBo Whyte). The plays are 
a special rerun of all the plays staged in the year, and two throwback plays, Bananas and Groundnuts, and Naked In Bed.ROVERMAN FESTIVAL OF PLAYS
Contact: knssackey@rovermanproductions.comDecember 24th
UPSA AUDITORIUM, LEGON-MADINA, GREATER ACCRA
Get Kojo Antwified is Ghana’s music maestro and legend, Kojo Antwi’s annual concert. For over 30 years, the Maestro Kojo Antwi 
has organized and headlined this concert attended by the cream of society; captains of industry, opinion leaders, and showbiz 
aficionados. Embark on a musical journey this 24th December and Get Kojo Antwified.GET KOJO ANTWIFIED
Contact: antwiklein@gmail.com
December 25th
NANDOM, UPPER WEST REGION
Dagara Culture Festival - DACUFEST is a celebration of Dagara culture and heritage, aiming to promote and preserve their tradi -
tions. The festival, featuring traditional music, dance, cuisine, crafts, and workshops. Its mission is to unite communities, empow -
er socio-economic growth, and foster cultural exchange. A unique aspect of DACUFEST is its focus on the Yillu (clan) system, a 
legacy of the slave trade. Diasporans can use this festival to connect with their ancestral roots and identify with their Yillu.DAGARA CULTURE FESTIVAL - DACUFEST
Contact: abebejustin2008@gmail.com



December 25th
CAPE COAST SPORTS STADIUM, CENTRAL REGION
The purpose of KidsFest is to give kids an opportunity to experience the joy of performing in front of their peers, friends, teach -
ers and others. It is not only an occasion to showcase their hard work and talents, but also an action-packed day of fun and 
entertainment! KidsFest is the must-see stage for children and families. The event will be filled with music, dancing, and games. 
With plenty to keep your children occupied. KIDSFEST
Contact: jonathanotuamoah@gmail.com
December 25th - 27th
 FORECOURT, THE STATE HOUSE , GREATER ACCRA
Festival of Lights Ghana is a vibrant event celebrating the beauty of Christmas and Ghanaian culture through stunning light 
displays, music, and festive activities. Open to all ages and backgrounds, it’s an opportunity for people to come together and 
experience the joy of the season. Taking place from December 25th to 27th, 2024, at the Forecourt State House, this year’s 
theme, “An Enchanted Journey,” follows Santa Claus on a magical trip to Ghana, inspired by a touching letter from a Ghanaian 
child. Join us for a celebration full of wonder and cultural pride.FESTIVAL OF LIGHTS GHANA
Contact: info@festivaloflightsgh.com
December 25th
December 25th - 26thDecember 25th - January 1st 
JOHN SARBAH ROAD, TAKORADI, WESTERN REGION
LEGON CITY MALL FORECOURT, GREATER ACCRA1ST PONPON STREET NME NME ETE (RUSSIA DANSOMAN) GBORTSUI CONSTITUENCY SEMPE, ACCRA
TadiFest is an annual cultural festival held in Takoradi, Ghana, celebrating the city’s rich heritage and vibrant community spir -
it. The festival features a variety of activities, including music and dance performances, parades, art exhibitions, food fairs, 
workshops, and sports events. TadiFest aims to promote the cultural traditions of Takoradi, foster community pride, and boost 
tourism by offering a diverse and engaging experience for both locals and visitors.
The Ghana Food Festival celebrates the rich flavours of Ghanaian cuisine, vibrant cultural performances, and community spirit. 
Explore a diverse array of food vendors, enjoy cooking demonstrations, and participate in an exciting eating contest. Engage in 
creative activities like face painting, sip and paint sessions, and a lively kids playground. With a showcase of top-quality made-
in-Ghana products and services, the festival invites locals and the African diaspora to join in this immersive cultural experience. 
Come celebrate Ghana’s heritage with us during Christmas 2024 with fun, food, and festivities!In the heart of the Dansoman community in Accra, is a township called ‘Russia’. As part of our role in helping to create a sus -
tainable environment for all in a beautiful COMMUNITY we have created the perfect opportunity for all to work together in 
LOVE,UNITY AND ONE FAITH. Russia I Come From brings together the most amazing people ranging from all Classes in our com -
munity creating a new world for sanitation, Health, Education, Fun, Art, Tourism, Entertainment and more.This opportunity has 
been created to unearth hidden treasure and and talents and also outdoor their potential for investors and other players who 
contribute to nation building. Activities such as clean up exercise, Health walk, Durbur, Fun Games, carnival and a street jam.
TADIFEST
GHANA FOOD FESTIVAL 2024RUSSIA I COME FROM
Contact: feelingd@yahoo.com
Contact: ghanafoodfestival@gmail.comContact: rootautovillage@gmail.com

December 25th - 30th
December 26th
December 26thThrough the principal streets of Tema. December 25, and 26 shall be climaxed with a carnival in the 
evening each day.  , GREATER ACCRA
GRAND ARENA, INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE CENTER , GREATER ACCRA
UNIVERSITY OF GHANA STADIUM, GREATER ACCRAThe masquerade parade would be from December 25, to December 30 each day. This shall be done with brass band music 
throughout the day stopping at vantage places to take some rests. It is kind of similar to Carnival in Rio but with ours, we have 
a carefully designed colorful costume which comes at a cost. The diaspora can also join with colorful costumes as the may wish 
or can also buy what we produce just to have an amazing feel of the masquerade culture. 
A Night of 1031 Laughs & Music is Ghana’s foremost premium comedy event. With over 30 editions held over a decade the event 
has featured the best comedy acts in Ghana and Africa at large. Held annually on 26th of December, the event features good 
music for the adult community presented by the best in industry. 
Children aged 4 to 16 will compete in events based on their age groups, including the 100m, 200m, 4x100m relay, and long 
jump. Crawling infants will take part in the 10m event, while toddlers who have just started walking (around 1½ years old) will 
participate in the 15m race.MASQUERADE PARADE
A NITE OF 1031 LAUGHS & MUSIC
GHANA JUNIOR OLYMPICS Contact:allenapeadu@gmail.com
Contact: robert@charterhouseghana.com
Contact: coachelorm@gmail.com
December 26th 
BUNSO ECO PARK, EASTERN REGION
Family Day Out is an event that unites Ghanaians from home, abroad, and the Diaspora to experience our rich food and culture. 
Come to Bunso Eco Park for a day filled with nostalgia and fun as we bring back beloved traditional games like ‘Charles Kele,’ 
‘Alikoto,’ ‘Dame,’ and ‘Oware.’ It’s a perfect opportunity to reconnect with your roots, relive childhood memories, and share 
the vibrant spirit of Ghanaian culture with family and friends. FAMILY DAY OUT
Contact: socrates.asare@gmail.com
December 26th 
December 26th NATIONAL CHILDREN’S LIBRARY , AIRPORT RESIDENTIAL, GREATER ACCRA
LINDA DOR, BUNSO JUNCTION, EASTERN REGIONIt’s the 2nd edition of the  ANANSEKROM TOON FESTIVAL (ATF), GHANA’S FIRST-EVER CARTOON FESTIVAL. ATF celebrates An -
anse projects/our folklore using both traditional & advanced forms of communication. The event features art/craft exhibitions 
and workshops, panel discussions, live folkloric music, poetry and storytelling (“Time With Ananse Live On Stage” theatrical 
performances), animation screenings and workshops, The ‘Caveman’ Experience, traditional and digital games (Ananse games 
created by Parables), puppetry, sip and paint sessions and other engaging activities. This year’s ATF will feature cartoonists/
artists from other African countries. Above all, the festival is super fun for children and adults alike with something unique for 
people of all ages, and promises to be an unforgettable experience for everyone. ATF is proudly powered by Parables Animation 
Studios (@Parables_Gh) VENUE: National Childrens’ Library, Airport Residential Contact: +233265068758 Social media handle: 
@AnansekromToonFestival Email: anansekromtoonfestival@gmail.com  Website: www.studioparables.com 
Eastern Family Party In The Park is an annual event that seeks to bring families from Ghana and the Diaspora together during 
Christmas holidays through fun packed activities.ANANSEKROM TOON FESTIVAL
EASTERN FAMILY PARTY IN THE PARKContact: palfgh@gmail.com
Contact: planet1gh@gmail.com

December 26th 
December 26th 
December 26th LITTLE ACRE HOTEL, ABURI, EASTERN REGION
BOJO BEACH RESORT, ALONG KOKROBITE ROAD, GREATER ACCRA
GHUD PARK, ACCRA MALL, GREATER ACCRALITTLE HAVANA 24: THE ULTIMATE VIP PARTY IN AFRICA Get ready for an electrifying night at Little Havana, the premium All 
White Party atop the stunning hills of Aburi! This is not just any event; it’s the grandest VIP nightlife extravaganza in Africa, 
featuring dazzling fireworks and a star-studded lineup of global influencers and celebrities. What to Expect:Unmatched VIP 
Experience: Immerse yourself in a night of luxury and excitement curated by the world’s top event hosts. Spectacular Fire -
works:Watch the sky light up in a mesmerizing display. Celebrity Appearances:Rub shoulders with the most famous names 
in entertainment, politics, and the arts. Target Audience: Little Havana is set to attract an exclusive crowd of high-profile and 
affluent guests from across the globe. Expect to mingle with celebrities, artists, politicians, and influencers from the African 
diaspora and beyond. Join us for a night you won’t forget at the biggest VIP party Africa has ever seen!
This celebration continues after christmas day. Family and friends event on boxing day will take care of your boxing day plans, it 
will enable family and friends come together to enjoy a very serene and comfortable enviroment to have fun, thus listening to 
good music, playing of games enjoying good food and drinks at our river view restaurant, and sharing love. All these enjoyment 
comes with an affordable amount.
The 2nd Annual Beyond Control Musical Concert is an event that seeks to bring together all music fans of Medikal all over the 
world during Christmas in Ghana to experience the best of musical performance.LITTLE HAVANA 24: THE ULTIMATE VIP PARTY IN AFRICA
FAMILY AND FRIENDS EVENT
MDK BEYOND CONTROL LIVEContact: dasaah137@gmail.com/quophiebee@gmail.com
Contact: marketing.bojobeach@gmail.com
Contact: kofijam@westjamgroup.comDecember 26th
INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE CENTRE ACCRA, GREATER ACCRA
Explosion of Joy is the annual flagship program of Joyful Way Incorporated. Recognized as one of Ghana’s most popular gospel 
events held on December 26, the event has consistently given the best gift ever, the birth of Christ, through praise and wor -
ship on this platform. “Explosion of Joy” provides an opportunity to our patrons, sponsors, partners and the general public to 
come together to relax, meet old friends and make new ones; it is a time for families to bond and enjoy good gospel music 
in a comfort and relaxed atmosphere. It is also an opportunity for Ghanaians to express our appreciation to God for taking us 
through the yearEXPLOSION OF JOY 2024
Contact: coachelorm@gmail.com
December 26th - 28th
KWAME NKRUMAH MEMORIAL PARK, GREATER ACCRA
VoiceBox Vacation Voices (VVV) is the music workshop for everyone! Have you always wondered what it would be like to take 
part in a singing workshop or rehearsal? Would you like to interact and learn Ghanaian songs with other music lovers during 
your Christmas vacation? VVV is for you! It’s open to everyone, whether you’re a professional or an amateur. Let’s meet at 
Kwame Nkrumah Memorial park from 26-28 December 2024 at 10am and make beautiful music together! VOICEBOX VACATION VOICES (VVV)
Contact: kokui.selormey@gmail.com

December 27th
THE GREENS LOUNGE, TEMA COMMUNITY 9, GREATER ACCRA REGION
The ultimate meet and greet-networking event for diasporans living and visiting Ghana in December. Dance the night away to 
90’s & early 2000’s r&b and hip hop music with an old school celebrity DJ.THE DIASPORA IN DECEMBER OLD SCHOOL
Contact: Hello@expatlifeghana.com
December 27th
GRAVITY GRAND HOTEL & TRASACCO ESTATES ROAD, GREATER ACCRA REGION
Join us for “Meet the Maker” on Dec. 27 at Gravity Grand Hotel in Accra Ghana. Experience an immersive cultural journey as 
you engage with Ghanaian artisan, witness their craftsmanship firsthand and learn traditional techniques. This unique event, 
part of the “Beyond The Return” initiative, offers a chance to meet the people behind the artisan goods, and opportunities to 
support local communities. DONT miss this chance to celebrate Ghanaian artistry and create lasting moments while supporting 
and embracing culture. MEET THE MAKER 
Contact: travel@ehelpbrands.com
December 27th
December 27thACCRA, GREATER ACCRA
UNTAMED EMPIRE , GREATER ACCRATravel to Ghana for Ludo to Love, a vibrant event connecting diaspora members. Mingle over classic games, delicious drinks, 
and engaging conversations. Spark romance or build friendships! Fireside chats with relationship experts offer love advice as 
the sun sets. Find your perfect match amidst laughter, games, and Ghanaian hospitality.
Ultimately, Detty rave is a celebration of Ghanaian creativity and ingenuity.  It provides a platform for creatives to portray the 
culture,intricacies,traditions of Ghana. Detty rave allows participants to experience Ghana through the eyes of the artist.Par -
ticipants experience and celebrate Ghana thoroughly and in an immersive environment.LUDO TO LOVE
DETTY RAVE Contact: afua.laast@gmail.com
Contact: david@dettyrave.comDecember 27th 
KEMPINSKI HOTEL, GREATER ACCRA
The ADINA SUMMIT is established with the aim to harness the collective potential of the global African Diaspora towards 
economic progress in Africa, and in the African Diaspora community. The ADINA SUMMIT LONDON will be our 9th conference 
and brings together African public- and private sector leaders, the African Diaspora and other international Africa-interested 
stakeholders. Investment opportunities will be highlighted and shared with a keen audience. The ADINA SUMMIT intends to 
inspire, educate and connect. Previous editions were held in Amsterdam, Accra and Dubai. ADINA DIASPORA INNVESTMENT SUMMIT
Contact: info@terryafram.com
December 27th - 28th
ACCRA INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE CENTRE(AICC), GREATER ACCRA
The African Festival is an annual sustainable development project that harnesses the power of over 50, 000 people to champi -
on the “Be the Change.” Africa needs campaign through culture, arts, and tourism. This years “Africa’s biggest cultural night” 
will use the power of arts and culture to champion climate action. Join us let’s embark on a journey across Africa at The African 
Festival. A celebration that births spectacular theatrical performances, the Den of History, lively TAF Concert and would make 
you marvel at some iconic places in Africa while exploring a world of fun for the kidsTHE AFRICAN FESTIVAL
Contact: info@globeproductions.biz & cc: latifglobe@gmail.com

December 28thDecember 28th
EFUA SUTHERLAND PARK, GREATER ACCRAACCRA TOURIST INFORMATION CENTER ADJECENT AFRIKIKO LEISURE CENTER, GREATER ACCRA
The Perry Effect’s “TEENSRAVE” celebrates its 5th anniversary with the theme “The 5th Dimension.” Over the years, Teensrave 
has become a hallmark event, showcasing Ghanaian culture, Games, Food, Art, Fashion, Afro music, and dance. Our past 
events have featured top artists, vibrant performances, and exciting cultural displays, leaving lasting memories for all attend -
ees. This year, we’re taking it to the next level with more captivating performances, traditional displays, and unique networking 
opportunities. Join us, as we celebrate our successes over the years and explore new realms of creativity, unity, and cultural 
exchange. #Teensrave24 #The5thDimension #TheGracelandCaribbanza is Caribbean Extravaganza that exemplifies a true celebration of the Caribbean diaspora living here in Ghana. The 
Caribbean diaspora has contributed to the vibrancy of Ghana life. We are going to celebrate in true authentic nonstop Carib -
bean style. Caribbanza 2024 is more than just an entertainment event, it is a foundation for the types of culturally respon -
sible events that will add to Ghana’s growing and diverse entertainment industry in Ghana..All will enjoy Caribbean music, 
dance, culture, history, exciting performances caribbean food vendors, dance instruction, authentic Caribbean food vendors, 
live bands, special surprises, nonstop fun, the hottest DJs, MC, VIP Swag and more! Save the date and jump up and into the 
Caribbanza Dec 28th. DON’T MISS IT.
TEENSRAVE - THE 5TH DIMENSIONCARIBBANZA 
Contact: jerrymckorli@gmail.comContact: ekuamalonde@gmail.comDecember 27th - January 1st
LABOMA BEACH RESORT, GREATER ACCRA REGION
The festival is a celebration of Ghana’s vibrant culture, music and tourism offerings which sets on our beautiful beaches and 
coastal scenery. This inaugural festival aims to showcase the unique cultural heritage of Ghana while promoting tourism, trade 
and investment opportunities in the country. The event will feature a series of captivating cultural showcases, keynote address -
es, and networking opportunities. It will also provide a platform for meaningful dialogue and collaboration among industry 
stakeholders, government agencies, and the media in driving tourism to its required standard. Your participation will undoubt -
edly further elevate Ghana’s standing as a premier destination for travelers and investors in West Africa.AFROBEACH FESTIVAL 
Contact: lordniiamuquaye@gmail.comDecember 27th
THE PALMS CONVENTION CENTER, LA PALM ROYAL BEACH HOTEL, GREATER ACCRA REGION
Soutrain Disco is an adult hangout designed for lovers of retro music. It is a well curated music session, played by the best DJs. 
Come chant a psalm away or boogie all night long, with friends of retro vibe in a carefully curated adult hangout.SOULTRAIN DISCO
Contact: robert@charterhouseghana.com
December 27th - 28th
SHIPYARD BEACH RESTAURANT, CENTRAL REGION
AfroHeels Event, takes place in Cape Coast. With an investment summit dubbed AfroTurn. It involves the display of splendor 
and elegance of Ghanaian textiles and fabrics made for formal , informal and traditional festive and ceremonial to mirror the 
bustling lifestyle and vibrant colors of the motherland. This cultural showcase will highlight Ghanaian heritage through fashion, 
traditional drumming, dancing, African accessories, hairdos, and model exhibitions. AfroHeels comes alive after sunset on 
December 27-28 at the romantic beachfront of THE SHIPYARD Restaurant. The twin event dubbed AfroTurn is a summit for 
patrons seeking to have a meaningful investment in the motherland that they can depend on whenever returning to the moth -
erland. It would be held on December 27-28 at the cosy conference hall of the plush Ridge Royal Hotel to herald the fun-filled 
AfroHeels event taking place later in the evening. AfroTurn provides participants with the requisite information and guidelines 
for venturing into profitable small scale investments with promising returns and payback. AfroHeels and AfroTurn Events will 
afford patrons the opportunity to experience the beauty of the countryside on the journey outside of Accra.AFROHEELS (FASHION SHOW AND INVESTMENTS SUMMIT)
Contact: Sadia.mgmt@gmail.com

December 28th
December 28th -29thBOJO BEACH RESORT, ALONG KOKROBITE ROAD, GREATER ACCRA
POLO BEACH CLUB, GREATER ACCRAThis event is to allow our cherish customers taste different variety of our local drinks such as: pito, asana, sobolo, palm wine, 
etc in a serene enviroment whilst enjoying good music and being entertained by local cultural groups. All these come with an 
affordable price. 
AfroFuture is a global cultural entertainment platform dedicated to celebrating the diverse culture and work of the diaspora 
through festivals, live performances, interactive activities, and community engagement.BOJO SIPS
AFROFUTUREContact: marketing.bojobeach@gmail.com
Contact: www.afrofuture.com
December 28th - 30th
BEACHFRONT OF POLO BEACH CLUB, GREATER ACCRA
Africa Rising is a three-day festival meant to unite people from across Africa and beyond, celebrating the continent’s unique -
ness and potential through music, culture, and arts. Set against the beautiful beaches of Labadi, Accra, this event features a 
diverse array of performances, DJ sets, and art showcases that reflect the vibrant energy of Africa’s top talents and the rich, 
multifaceted heritage that defines our continentAFRICA RISING
Contact: obagounltd@gmail.com
December 29th
UNIVERSITY OF CAPE COAST MAIN AUDITORIUM, CENTRAL REGION
The Gifted Crafted Kids Show (GCKShow), season 6, is a creative arts and technical, vocational, and educational technology 
(TVET) talent hunt reality show held annually for school kids of ages 6 years - 13 years. The show aimed at exposing these gifted 
children to great people around the world,to inculcate good values in the children, and to empower them to solve problems in 
their families and communities. The show also hopes to build confidence in the children and showcase those who have gone 
before them as mentors. GIFTED CRAFTED KIDS SHOW
Contact: Laudpizza@gmail.com 
December 29thDecember 29th
ALORA BEACH RESORT, GREATER ACCRANO.1 OXFORT STREET, LEGON CITY MALL, CAPE COAST, ABURI, LA MAISON
It’s a sound system and a celebration of DJs, artists, and creatives within nightlife who have contributed immensely to the 
culture over the years.Reconnecting the African diaspora with Africa through cultural celebration, investment opportunities, and heritage 
exploration.
ROSÉ SUNDAYS BRUNCHTHE DELLU FESTIVAL
Contact: blacvolta@gmail.comContact: firstoppong@gmail.com

December 30th - 31st
AFRICA LAKE ENTERTAINMENT COMPLEX,  GREATER ACCRA
“All South Festival,” organized by ESJ Global Ltd, combines live music with environmental sustainability, raising awareness 
on climate change, deforestation, and pollution. Set to begin in December 2024 in Accra, it promotes sustainable practices, 
biodiversity, and addresses fast fashion waste. The festival also supports emerging talent and educational initiatives to tackle 
environmental challenges.ALL SOUTH FESTIVAL
Contact: Jess@esjglobal.com
December 31st
December 31stKANDIGA, UPPER EAST REGION
INDEPENDENCE SQUARE, GREATER ACCRAThe Dunseema Event celebrates the rich traditions of the Nankam people, honoring the legacy of the Dunseema (cowboys and 
cowgirls) through storytelling, traditional wrestling, music, and cultural performances. The event showcases the resilience, 
leadership, and patriotism of the Nankam people, with participants engaging in various rites of passage and activities that 
emphasize survival and community. Held in the scenic landscapes of Kandiga, the event also highlights local crafts, cuisine, and 
historical sites, offering a unique cultural tourism experience that connects tradition with modern-day celebration. It is a true 
celebration of heritage and unity.
Bring your friends and family to share in this spectacular event as we come together to welcome the New Year with passion, 
energy, and unforgettable memories. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity to celebrate in an authentic African style!DUNSEEMA
COUNTDOWN AFRICA
Contact: hello@countdownafrica.comDecember 31st
LA PALM ROYAL BEACH HOTEL,  GREATER ACCRA
The Afrofuture & PVO New Year’s Eve Party is a vibrant and immersive celebration that combines the energy of Afrofuture’s 
cultural festival with the lively vibes of PVO (Postive Vibes Only). This event promises to be a night filled with electrifying music, 
and a fusion of Afrobeat rhythms and contemporary sounds. As we ring in the New Year, guests will experience a unique blend 
of music, dance, art, and culture, creating a festive atmosphere that highlights the spirit of African creativity and innovation. 
Expect high-energy DJ sets, and a diverse crowd ready to welcome the New Year in style.AFROFUTURE & PVO NEW YEAR’S EVE PARTY
Contact: afrofuture.com
Contact: Sabiasina@gmail.com


January 2nd
LARTEH COMMUNITY , EASTERN REGION
This December, Hugs and Smiles 2.0 returns to the Eastern Region of Ghana, bringing warmth, hope, and joy to those in need. 
This year’s drive focuses on providing essential resources, such as food, clothing, and educational materials, as well as vital 
health screenings. The event will feature vibrant cultural displays that highlight Ghana’s rich heritage and foster a sense of 
unity and celebration. Join us as we uplift and empower the less fortunate, creating lasting positive change and reinforcing the 
spirit of giving back during this festive season. Together, we can spread smiles, share hugs, and make a meaningful difference 
in many lives.HUGS AND SMILES 2.0
Contact: theperryeffects@gmail.comJanuary 1stJanuary 1st
OSU BEACH, GREATER ACCRANUBUKE FOUNDATION, GREATER ACCRA 
Beach cleanup and beach party Enjoy Real Food at its highest frequency. Food cooked by our Head Chef “ The Creator” presented to you by our very own 
world-renowned Raw Food enthusiast, Celebrity Chef, Dr Aris LaTham from Panama
CLEAN GHANA BEACH FESTIVALSUNFIRED RA ROYAL FEAST WITH DR. ARIS LATHAM 
Contact: letsgocleanthebeach@gmail.comContact: drsharita@pm.meJanuary 1st
ADVANCE PARK, WINNEBA, CENTRAL REGION
The Winneba Masquerade Festival is a historical festival which is celebrated once every year by the people of Winneba. The 
festival is celebrated to mark the beginning of a new year. It is celebrated every 1st of January. It is a festival that involves 
5 groups of innovative Masqueraders who battle for Supremacy. There is a massive display of beautifully crafted masks to suit 
their costumes. The Winneba Masquerade Festival hosts about 9,000 people each year which includes; indigenes of Winneba 
inland and abroad, and visitors from all over the world. This year is expected to be mind-blowing as Masqueraders are 
rehearsing day and night to bring out their best.WINNEBA MASQUERADE FESTIVAL
Contact:nzali@gubaawards.co.ukJanuary 1st
ECOBANK HEADQUARTERS, GREATER ACCRA
The GUBA Diaspora Conversations Conference is a premier event dedicated to fostering investment and heritage reconnection. 
Set against the vibrant backdrop of our shared history, this conference will bring together influential leaders, investors, and 
members of the African diaspora to explore opportunities for economic growth and cultural resurgence. The theme, “Invest -
ment in our Heritage,” emphasizes the importance of leveraging our collective heritage to create sustainable investments and 
build lasting legacies. Join us for insightful discussions, networking opportunities, and inspiring sessions designed to bridge the 
gap between our past and future, uniting us in our mission to thrive together.GUBA DIASPORA CONVERSATIONS CONFERENCE
Contact:nzali@gubaawards.co.ukJANUARY 2025

January 2nd
January 3rd - 5th 
January 6th - 12thJanuary 3rd  ECOBANK HEADQUARTERS, GREATER ACCRA
KANESHIE AWUDOME, GREATER ACCRA
AHOTO HEALING AND WELLNESS HOME PRAMPRAM, GREATOR ACCRA BOMASE TEMYA R/C PRIMARY SCHOOL, EASTERN REGIONSHE BOSS is a Glitz Africa initiative aimed at bringing together corporate executives, middle and high-income earners and 
entrepreneurs to gather at one space to network and share ideas. It is designed to assist women of all stages navigate the 
unspoken rules of business and explore universal issues that aren’t often addressed (i.e. suitable career fields per individuality, 
money management, beauty, lifestyle and total wellness). 
Get ready for a carnival like no other! Enjoy an action-packed 3-day event with live performances from top artists, an elec -
trifying live band, and a vibrant street parade. Satisfy your cravings with a variety of food vendors and drinking bars, while 
the excitement continues with professional boxing matches and thrilling acrobatic displays. There’s something for everyone, 
including a dedicated kids’ play center, making it a perfect day out for the whole family. Don’t miss out on this unforgettable 
celebration filled with music, entertainment, and endless fun!
Join Dr. Aris LaTham SunFired Ra Food Certification Retreat, Ghana edition. 6 days to study with the trailblazer of Raw food 
cruisine. Coming to us all the way from Panamá. LIBERATE DIET! LIBERATE YOUR MIND LIBERATE OUR LAND #ONEAFRICAProject Esi is an annual initiative by both AKAYA and the Korang Foundation conducted towards the end of the year. Its objec -
tive is to transform under-resourced schools into fully functional, safe, and conducive learning environments for our future 
leaders. Following our successful fundraiser with support from the diaspora, schools in need are carefully assessed, and re -
sources are gathered to meet said needs. This year, we’re supporting the refurbishment of the Bormase Ternya R/C Primary 
School in Ghana’s Eastern region. The unveiling of Project Esi’s accomplishment is an incredible day where everyone gets to -
gether to celebrate giving back to Ghana.SHE BOSS BUSINESS NETWORKING
AWUDOME CARNIVAL
SUNFIRED RA CRUSINE CERTIFICATION COURSEPROJECT ESIContact: clumorgh@gmail.com
Contact: kwamepinamang@gmail.com
Contact: drsharita@pm.meContact: info@akayafoundation.comJanuary 3rd  
BOJO BEACH RESORT, ALONG KOKROBITE ROAD, GREATER ACCRA
Bojo movement festival is a non stop afro beat music which will start at 9am till dawn. It is to eneble our customers dance to 
afrobeat and highlife while enjoying the night beach. BOJO MOVEMENT FESTIVAL
Contact: marketing.bojobeach@gmail.com



